Now one important note about our map.
Now we're making good progress.
Next maps will be to use our address for all the places where we output our places.
But before we do that let's have a look at the map mode again.
And there we have one issue right now I'm setting up that listener here.
And actually we never cleared and listener for clicks on the map when we dismissed him a little.
It's not a huge problem here but it could introduce a memory leak.
So we want to make sure we do clean this up.
Let me add on destroy here to be forced to add the NGO on destroy method like this.
And now with NGO and destroy added When I add my listener here does actually returns me a handle to
that listener which I can stored in a property click listener for example would be a name I can choose.
So this click listener is equal to map add listener disparate turns me a reference to the listener and
then all NGO and destroy.
We can now remove that listener with the help of that Google Maps object here so therefore let's store
this in a global variable as well.
Google maps of type any and in here I will set this Google map.
So does property equal to Google Maps I get as an argument here and now here we can use both we can
use this Google Maps or just google maps whatever you prefer but down there and then John destroy we
can now use this Google Maps dot event remove listener and then this click listener and that this should
ensure that when we dismiss the model and therefore clear the map we actually get rid of that click
listener.
So did we don't introduce a memory leak Yeah.
And this looks good.
It still works as before as you can tell.
But now behind the scenes does a in a bit of a more optimal state.